Artificial Intelligence AI in 2020: From Experimentation to Adoption AI has captured the imagination and attention of people globally. But in the business world, the rate of adoption of artificial intelligence has lagged behind the level of interest through 2019. Even though we hear that most business leaders believe AI provides a competitive advantage, up until recently, some industry watchers have pegged enterprise adoption […] Continue reading Share this post:
Artificial Intelligence Watson Anywhere: The Future (Part 3 in a Series) There’s a paradox in the world of AI: While it’s the largest economic opportunity of our lifetime (estimated to contribute $16 trillion to GDP by 2030), enterprise adoption of AI was less than 4% in 2018. A recent Gartner survey said that the 4% in 2018 has now grown to […] Continue reading Share this post:
Recent Comments jintu on Embracing Hybrid Cloud, AI for the Modern App Revolution Peter Fay on Accessibility: The Intersection of Innovation and Inclusion Diane Margaretos on Accessibility: The Intersection of Innovation and Inclusion SAURABH JAIN on Refining the Expanding Role of Hybrid Cloud Rohtash Kumar on Refining the Expanding Role of Hybrid Cloud Archives November 2020 October 2020 August 2020 July 2020 June 2020 May 2020 April 2020 March 2020 February 2020 January 2020 December 2019 November 2019 Categories 5G Accessibility Agile Methods AI Analytics Apollo Artificial Intelligence Augmented Reality Auto Industry Automation Banking Benefits Big Data Blockchain Branding business analytics Call for Code Chief Data Officers Citizen IBM Cloud Computing Cloud Computing Cognitive Banking Cognitive Commerce Cognitive Computing Cognitive Computing Cognitive Enterprise Cognitive Retail Cognitive Utilities Collaboration Commerce Consumer Behavior Corporate Citizenship COVID-19 Customer Analytics Cyber Security Cybersecurity Data Analytics Data Governance Data Responsibility Data Science Data Visualization Databases DataOps Deep Learning Design Thinking Development Diversity & Inclusion Earth Day eCommerce & Merchandising Education Electronics Enterprise Strong ERP Events Exponential Learning Financial Services FinTech Flash Storage GDPR Health & Wellness High Performance Computing Hybrid Cloud Hybrid Multicloud IBM Cloud IBM Cloud Private IBM Cloud Video IBM Global Services IBM Policy IBM Power IBM Research IBM Security IBM Watson IBM Watson In Memoriam Industries: Automotive Innovation Internet of Things Internet of Things (IoT) IoT Leadership Machine Learning Marketing Media & Entertainment Mobile Computing Multi-Cloud New Collar Jobs NLP Oil & Gas Open Source Software OpenPOWER P-TECH Partnerships Patents Payments Perspectives Power Public Statement Quantum Computing Red Hat Resiliency Retail security Skills Smart banking Smart Grid Smarter Financial Services Smarter Industries Smarter Planet Smarter Security Social Business Social Good Space Exploration Sports Innovation STEM Supercomputing Supply Chain Systems Tech For Good Technology Services Telecom The Weather Company THINK Think 2018 This Is Watson Transportation Uncategorized Veterans Water Watson Financial Services Watson Health Watson IOT Weather Wellness Women in Tech World Community Grid World Oceans Day Z Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org
Artificial Intelligence AI is Not Magic: It’s Time to Demystify and Apply For centuries, electricity was thought to be the domain of sorcerers – magicians who left audiences puzzled about where it came from and how it was generated. And although Benjamin Franklin and his contemporaries were well aware of the phenomena when he proved the connection between electricity and lightning, he had difficulty envisioning a practical […] Continue reading Share this post:
Artificial Intelligence A New Way to Accelerate Your AI Plans Building artificial intelligence (AI) systems involves more than learning how to perform a specific task from data; it requires a strong data foundation and infrastructure architecture. This foundation, as my colleagues have said on this blog many times, assists organizations large and small as they scale the Ladder to AI. As CDO of this great […] Continue reading Share this post:
Artificial Intelligence Winning with AI Since the year 2000, 52% of the companies that make up the Fortune 500 have disappeared. They have been acquired, succumbed to performance atrophy, or declared bankruptcy. In this hyper-competitive marketplace, winners and losers are being declared every day. And while artificial intelligence (AI) can be the valve to these pressures, for many, drafting a […] Continue reading Share this post:
Artificial Intelligence Scaling the AI Ladder The first automobile was driven down the streets of Detroit in 1890. It would take another 30 years before Henry Ford streamlined production and made cars available to the mass market. The obvious lesson: sometimes technology has a long gestation period, before we can scale it for everyday use. But, digging a bit deeper, there […] Continue reading Share this post:
Artificial Intelligence Future Designers Unleash Creativity with AI At Tommy Hilfiger, we have always been industry pioneers and driven by our vision to break conventions. We are constantly seeking new ways to evolve and respond to our consumer’s expectations. In this age of newness, it’s more important than ever to evolve and deliver on the instant gratification that consumers are looking for. Two years ago, we had the unique […] Continue reading Share this post:
Artificial Intelligence Five Emerging Trends in Technology Support Services In recent years, the field of technology support has evolved rapidly to catch up with disruptive services technologies. In the meantime, technology innovation has led to fundamental changes in how support services are delivered. We highlight the following five technology trends expected to drive the evolution of the technology support services industry, and to shape […] Continue reading Share this post:
Artificial Intelligence How to Accelerate the Use of AI in Organizations Open any business publication or digital journal today, and you will read about the promise of AI, known as artificial or augmented intelligence, and how it will transform your business. The fact is, AI will not only transform your entire business, whether you are in health care, finance, retail or manufacturing, but it will also […] Continue reading Share this post:
Artificial Intelligence The Importance of Creating a Culture of Data Using and exploiting artificial intelligence (AI), is a goal for many enterprises around the world. Of course, before you can begin working with the cognitive technology, a number steps have to be taken. For starters, AI requires machine learning and machine learning, requires analytics. And to work with analytics effectively, you need a simple, elegant […] Continue reading Share this post:
Artificial Intelligence How IBM and Salesforce Are Challenging Traditional Business Models Since unveiling our partnership with Salesforce in March, we’ve worked together to champion the impact of AI across all facets of business, helping companies across all industries make smarter decisions, faster than ever before. Today, at Salesforce’s annual Dreamforce conference, IBM’s Chairman, President and CEO Ginni Rometty will join Salesforce Chairman and CEO, Marc Benioff, […] Continue reading Share this post:
Artificial Intelligence A Parable: “The Blind GPUs and the Elephant” “…Each blind man feels a different part of the elephant body, but only one part, such as the side or the tusk. They then describe the elephant based on their partial experience and their descriptions are in complete disagreement on what an elephant is.” – The Rigveda This parable is helpful describing the problem that we […] Continue reading Share this post:
